Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Certainly, thank you.
Excuse me, let me pass please.
Raise your glass!
Please, make way...
Griffith...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Griffith!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Tombstone of Flames
Griffith!
Sentry, close down the hall!
Don't allow anyone to leave here!
Griffith!
It's so easy...
I've made more money doing this
simple thing than I would have from...
...ten years of honest work.
Now, I've got to
leave this city by dawn...
I never expected that
things would go so smoothly...
It turned out to be simple.
Indeed...
It was very much due to Mr. Foss, and his
handling of the arrangements for our plot.
It was a great performance, after all.
No, you're too kind.
Well done, Minister Foss.
It is very kind of Your Majesty.
What's the matter?
You do not look well.
M-Maybe it is just your imagination.
My skin looks sickly under candlelight.
Anyway, what about
our personal safety?
Yes, in the worst case
the waiter might be captured...
...what if he confesses his crimes?
Our names might be exposed...
You don't need to worry about that.
A moment ago, I received a report
from an associate I had in place.
He already dealt with that matter.
Oh, there is nothing that
escapes your careful cunning!
My, you are a quite schemer.
It's too bad that
you are only a minister.
Now, allow me to go and
double check on the proceedings.
At last, dignity will be
restored to the army of Midland.
That is certain.
It is ridiculous that a mere mercenary
could become the White Hawk General!
His example would
put all kinds of ideas...
...in the heads of the common soldiers.
I insist that we of noble blood always...
...have the honor of undertaking pivotal
tasks in our kingdom's administration.
How could that
man of humble origins...
Inferior subjects have no
idea how to govern the kingdom!
Every other country would have
considered us a laughingstock!
In any case, you all have
toiled for our common goal.
I must thank you.
We are unworthy...
It is you, Your Highness, who
made this possible with your support.
Finally, the noble
bloodline has been protected.
W-What?
Is it smoke?
That can't be!
Open the door!
What's wrong?
I-It's locked!
What?
Step back from the door!
F-Fire!
What is this?
What is this all about?
G-Griffith!
Why?
The doctor confirmed
that you had perished!
Certainly, it appeared that way to you.
Because I arranged things to that end.
What?
What I drank was not a poison.
I drank a secret medicine compounded
from the essence of Hyoscyamus.
It put me in a state of apparent death.
Of course, an
overdose would have killed me...
However, by risking my life I
was able to trap all of you at once.
H-Help me!
I was just called upon by
the Queen and Minister Foss!
I had nothing to do with it!
Hold your tongue, you fool!
I suppose you are all...
...used to sitting to the
side and thinking up your little plots.
This is a war.
There's nowhere
to sit on the battlefield.
You swine, Griffith!
Do you intend to kill me?
Do you think that a man...
...of humble origins like you can burn me,
the queen of the Midland, to death?
I won't allow it!
I do not admit defeat!
Death on the battlefield
comes regardless of class...
...royal, noble or common.
The loser is fated to die.
It's all over...
What's the matter with you?
You don't look yourself.
This sort of affair is not such an
unusual event in the court, is it?
Are you afraid?
Is it because you
betrayed your fellows?
Perhaps it is because you participated
in murdering the queen of a kingdom?
I'd like to ask you one thing...
How did Your
Lordship learn about our plot?
I didn't know about it.
Then, why did you pick me?
I predicted you were going
to be my enemy on that morning...
...before I was last
sent to the battlefield.
That was when...
You saw my eyes...
And since then, I knew you could not
allow me to continue living in the court.
H-How come you...
I noticed something familiar in your
eyes at that moment, the taint of fear.
When a person sees an object
that he finds to be truly fearful...
...he realizes that it is
impossible to ignore it.
He has to make a choice...
...to be subordinate to the
fearful object and hope for protection...
...or to exterminate that
object to eliminate the fear.
I knew that there were many people
in the court who were offended by me.
I couldn't identify who they were...
However, I was certain that a smart
man like you could find such people...
...for the purpose of
convincing them to eliminate me.
However, I never imagined that the
Queen would join in on the intrigue...
W-What a fine state of affairs!
His eyes just met mine for a moment!
Have I been dancing to
his tune ever since then?
I now know why I can't
stop myself from shivering.
It is not because I betrayed my fellows,
or took part in the Queen's murder.
It's because of this man...
It's because I am afraid of this man!
This contract sealed with your
blood is no longer of use, is it?
There should not be any ill will between
us if we are to have a successful future.
Hopefully, there will
only be peace and friendship.
Now, come along, Minister...
I will give something
back to you, as promised.
Elise!
Father!
You are safe now,
don't worry anymore.
Father!
That was a touching reunion
between father and daughter.
Well, it was quite a
job to snatch her up.
We checked the schedule of that
kid's lessons a week beforehand.
And as she was leaving in a carriage...
We courteously looked
after her as you wished.
You did good job.
The rest of your reward...
Oh, great!
Call us anytime you need something.
From now on, we only desire
a good relationship with you, sir.
Well, we are off now.
What a cinch!
I've never had such an easy
job, I want to work for him again!
If he decides he'd rather cut his
connection with us, we'll use blackmail...
...we've got the goods on him!
Who is it?
Who the hell are you?
It seems to be finished...
Yeah...
...it's cleaned up...
...everything...
It looked like these men never thought
they'd lose their lives for a few coins.
Leave the money on them as it was.
They are clue a share in the profits.
They did the amount of
work they were paid for.
Money opens all doors...
...I see.
But, is it safe to let that man go?
He must have learned his
lesson after today's events...
Maybe...
Hey...
Maybe?
If something happens, I'll take
care of it when the time comes.
Either way, I guess
there will be a serious uproar.
The Queen and all those others,
so many dead were piled up tonight.
But no one would imagine that
the man who was supposed to die...
...was the one pulling the strings.
Do you think that I am dreadful?
I had you take part in this entire plot...
...while never
getting my own hands dirty.
I left all of the dangerous
and difficult tasks to you alone...
Do you think that I am a dreadful man?
You are asking someone who's
already slaughtered a hundred men.
What's the point of that?
You're just following this path so
you can realize your dream, right?
You believe that, don't you?
So, what's all this
you're talking about now?
You're right...
Now, let's go back!
A dead man like you
shouldn't hang around here all night.
You've got to stop Caska and everyone
else from worrying about you too much.
Yeah...
You didn't notice that Caska put on a
dress for the celebration where you died?
Really?
She's quite attractive to see...
Gri...
...ffith ...
Griffith!
Are you all right?
Griffith, Griffith...
I'm sorry I worried you, Caska.
We were so scared
about what happened to you.
Ever since you passed out,
Caska has been in a state of shock.
I am sorry.
You look pretty in that dress.
Just as the Chuder Empire
acquiesced to an armistice signing...
Who on earth did this?
Perhaps, someone who is
plotting against the armistice signing.
It must be reactionaries from Chuder!
Otherwise, there is the possibility of
an assassin sent by a third country.
How foolish they are...
It is quite unforgivable to
disturb our long-waited peace...
Snow...
Guts...
And the woman was quite a character!
Caska, where are you going this late?
What's the use of being in such a hurry?
She's probably just going to the
bathroom, since it's so cold tonight...
Guts!
Guts...
You're...
Are you leaving?
Are you?
Wait a minute.
You and I don't get along, but...
I mean, we have
risked our lives together.
All the hard work we
endured as Hawks is bearing fruit.
And this is just the beginning, isn't it?
But despite that...
I've already decided.
But...
I don't...
I don't want to live like
this, buried in his dream...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Separation.
It is unavoidable for anyone
who decides to follow his own path.
Invaluable people
and countless dreams...
Leaving such things behind can
either mean happiness or sorrow.
Now, the wheels of
fate truly begin to turn.
Separation
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today